[narrator] Tokyo.
[laughter]
[laughing]
[Mrs. Ozora] Tsubasa!
Be very careful.
Don't go too far away.
[Mr. Ozora] Oh, that boy.
It's like he was
born with that soccer ball.
It really makes him happy.
You're right about that.
[grunting]
Huh?
At the end of my trip,
Tsubasa will be 2 years old.
I'm sure this time
he'll remember you.
[laughing]
Last time,
he wouldn't stop crying.
[Mr. Ozora] Uh?
Hey, where is Tsubasa?
[Mrs. Ozora] Huh?
I don't get it,
he was just here.
We better go find him
right away.
Tsubasa!
[laughing]
-[truck honking]
-Huh?
Tsubasa!
-[truck honking]
-[panting]
-[scream]
-Tsubasa!
[narrator]
Episode 1: Take Flight!
Ten years later.
[sailor 1]
Is that your son?
Yes.
That's my boy Tsubasa.
He's big!
So, he must really love
soccer, uh?
Does he wear that uniform
all the time?
He wears it even to move.
Huh?
Today, he's moving
to a new city.
Oh, I see.
He sent me this picture.
So I could see
our new house.
I'm sure he is already off
somewhere playing soccer.
[narrator]Nankatsu,
Shizuoka Prefecture.
[Mrs. Ozora]
Thank you for your help!
[moving man 1]
Yes, ma'am.
Tsubasa!
Where are you?
Come here and
give us a hand!
Huh?
[grunting]
Oh!
Hey, Mom! I'm going to
explore the city!
What? Wait a second.
Tsubasa!
[Mrs. Ozora]
Hey! Come back here!
Oh that boy!
I knew
he was gonna do that.
Your boy sure loves
that ball.
-Isn't that right?
-Huh? Oh, yeah.
It's really thanks
to that ball
that he's even
alive today.
-Huh?
I know it sounds weird,
but that soccer ball
saved his life.
And they've
been together ever since.
[truck honking]
-[scream]
-Tsubasa!
[shriek]
[gasp]
Huh?
Tsubasa!
[Mrs. Ozora] It truly was
a miracle.
The ball acted like
a cushion.
[laugh]
It literally
saved his life.
He didn't have one scratch
on him after all that.
[gasp]
[laughing]
Since then,
he plays every single day.
Wow! Mount Fuji!
[Mrs. Ozora]
It's his passion.
He plays because nothing
in this whole world
makes him happier.
Here I come new city!
[grunting]
[chuckle]
[panting]
Huh?
-Hello!
-Huh?
[grunting]
Excuse me!
Huh?
Oh my.
What was that?
[narrator]
Nankatsu Market.
[narrator] Nankatsu
Elementary School.
So this is
the Nankatsu School.
I wonder where
Shutetsu is?
[chatter]
[Tsubasa]
Finally, a soccer field!
Hmm?
Hey, Ryo!
What's the
big idea, huh?
[Genzo] Why did you bring
all these losers
to my field?
What?!
Don't tell me you already
forgot our deal?
If Shutetsu
defeated Nankatsu,
we get to keep this field.
Must I really remind you?!
You lost 10 to 0!
That's not fair!
You guys already have
your very own fancy field.
We are keeping this one!
Our national title
has been attracting
new players to the club.
[Genzo] That field is for
our first-division team.
This little field will be
for my second division.
You don't even have
a second division!
Listen here, Genzo!
Just because you have
a national title
doesn't mean you're
the boss around here!
These kids need
a field to practice too.
You have to
let them keep it!
What now, Captain?
I gotta say you guys
are really making
my eyes water,
but a deal is a deal.
[Genzo]
However, I do respect
this little display of guts.
So here's what I got.
We have a challenge
right now for the field.
-A challenge for the field?
-Huh?
[Genzo] Yes. The captain
of each single team...
will take a shot at me.
[Genzo]
Rugby, handball,
it makes no difference
to me.
This will decide
who keeps the field.
[grunt]
Throw whatever you got
from outside the area.
I will stop it without
even breaking a sweat!
If you really want to
keep this field.
First, you gotta score
a goal on me!
This guy is crazy!
Oh...
If anyone scores
a single goal,
we'll leave
the field immediately.
How arrogant!
Let's get this
over with then.
You're on!
Listen here. Even though
you obviously are
a skilled goalkeeper, Genzo.
There is no way...
that you will be able
to defeat all of us.
[chuckle] Well,
we are about to find out.
I'll take
the first shot then.
Watch and learn, Ryo.
I'll get this guy
outta here.
I'm counting on it!
Here it comes!
[grunt]
Oh!
Surprise!
Unlike a soccer ball,
a rugby ball bounces
in random direction.
[growl]
[grunt]
[gasp]
-[cheering]
-Well done, Captain.
All right, who's next?
Whoa!
I'm next. Captain of
the handball team.
A handball is
a lot smaller
and faster than
a soccer ball.
There is no way
you stop this.
With this throw,
you are outta of here!
-No way!
-Impossible.
[Ryo]
What?
Ah!
Oh man, he's really
a genius goalkeeper.
Don't let him see
you're intimidated.
We can't let him
have this field...
and humiliate all of us!
I guess I'm up next.
Come on now.
You can do this!
[snicker]
I don't care
how good you are.
There's no way
you can stop this.
If you really can
stop my fast ball,
I'm going to quit
baseball forever!
[chuckle]
Come on then!
[laughs]
What exactly is so funny?
Just go!
Don't worry about him.
Just give him
the fastest ball you got.
All right then.
Let's see how you do...
with this!
Oh!
There's no way.
He caught it!
[scared] I think
this guy's invincible.
[chuckle]
So who's up next?
Ah!
[grunt]
Amazing!
-Uh...
-What's wrong, guys?
Ready to give it up?
[growl]
I guess no one else
will step up...
Not so fast, Genzo!
Okay. And tell me
what sport is it
that you represent then?
Well...
The javelin throw.
A javelin?
That's way too dangerous!
Don't worry about it.
I've already covered
the business end of it.
Whatever.
Take your best shot then!
This guy is really arrogant.
There is no chance
you can stop this!
Let's find out!
[yelling]
[grunting]
-[gasp]
-He jumped!
[yelling]
He deflected it with a kick!
That's impossible.
So this is settled now.
Make sure
you train hard, guys.
-All right, Captain!
Wow...
This is awesome.
I've never seen such
a great goalkeeper.
[growling]
Huh?
[Ryo]
You're leaving?
Listen, I'm really sorry.
-Huh?
-We all got to go train too.
-You're gonna have to
give up the field, Ryo.
What?! No way!
I thought you guys were
going to help me fix this.
Man!
These guys are a disgrace!
Hey, Ryo.
What are you still
doing here, bud?
Why don't you
get off the field
so we can train already.
[growling]
Fine!
You guys may have won
this battle,
but you will not
win this war!
Huh?
Hi there.
Say, could you tell me where
that goalkeeper went?
How would I know that?
He probably
went home already.
Do you think you could
show me where he lives?
And why is it
that you want to know
where he lives?
I wanna challenge him.
Challenge him?!
You must be outta your mind!
I guess you didn't see
what he just did
to those guys.
He even caught
a baseball!
I'll defeat him!
Uh...
Well...
I guess I could show
you where his house is.
That's great!
[chuckle]
By the way...
What's your name, kid?
Listen, my name is
Ryo Ishizaki.
Hey, Ryo.
My name is Tsubasa.
Hey, Tsubasa.
Hm?
You dribble
that ball everywhere.
-How come?
-It's my friend.
What do you mean?
I love soccer.
Don't you like
to play too?
Sure I do.
I guess I like it.
[chuckle]
[Ryo]
This kid is weird.
But he's pretty good.
[laugh]
[gasp]
Hey, Tsubasa.
So I'm guessing you
just moved here.
Isn't that right?
From up here, we have a nice
view of the whole city.
-Looks nice, right?
-Yeah!
Look, over there!
That right there
is Genzo's house.
[chuckle] All right.
Thank you!
I think Genzo's family
is one of the richest
in the entire city.
Huh?
Hey...
What are you doing?
[grunting]
Man...
That's up there.
-Did you see it?
-Huh?
Did you see his house?
That's where
the goalkeeper lives.
Huh?
I bet you can't wait
to challenge him, right?
Huh? Wait.
Are you...
talking to the ball
right now?
Now I'm really glad
we moved here.
I think in this city we're
going to have a great time.
Finally,
we found a place
where we can play
real soccer.
Hey...
Hey, Tsubasa.
So what's the plan?
I have an idea.
I can see that.
But listen, Tsubasa.
I'm not really sure
what your plan is.
But an amateur like you
can't expect to defeat
a player like Genzo.
Him and his team
won the last
national tournament.
And no one was able to
score a single goal on him.
You don't stand a--
Huh?
Hey, Tsubasa!
Are you even listening
to what I'm saying?
What in the world
are you doing?
Huh?
-I think you're ready.
-Huh?
You gotta be kidding!
[groaning]
[coughing]
Whoa!
[sigh]
Wait. Wait.
Really?
You think you can
get the ball
to Genzo's house
with one kick?
[Tsubasa]
Here we go!
[groaning]
-All right.
-[hawk screech]
Let's go!
You gotta be kidding!
Huh?
-Amazing!
-That's crazy!
[grunt]
[Mr. Mikami]
What's going on, Genzo?
Where did
that come from?
I'm not really sure.
I just saw it coming
towards me.
But I think it came
from up there.
What?
From that hill?
Don't be ridiculous, Genzo.
That's impossible.
I know.
Huh?
This is a challenge
from Tsubasa.
What?!
That's really incredible.
Right on his back yard.
Do you think
he got my message?
-Come on, stop playing!
-Ow!
How did you kick it
that far?
Let me see.
-[gasp]
-You have some kind of
bionic foot or something?
No, what are you
talking about?
All right then.
This means you have
a real chance to beat Genzo!
I can't believe it.
We have a chance to
get our field back!
A challenge.
Genzo, your mind is
playing tricks on you.
Nobody can kick that far.
Huh?
Oh! Hey, good boy!
Can someone get a hold
of that dog, please?!
John! Sit!
[Roberto panting]
[laughs]
Oh man!
Who in the world are you?
He's a stalker, Genzo.
I'm calling the cops!
No, no, wait a second.
I'm not a stalker, friend.
[Roberto]
I was...
I was just following
a soccer ball I saw
come from the top
of the hill...
And end up here.
[laughs]
What?! So it really came
from up there?
What's weird is that
I think it was kicked
over here by a kid.
By a kid, you say?
[Genzo]
Well...
Judging by
the handwriting...
-Here.
-Oh, thank you.
I'm really, really hoping
that you can beat Genzo.
But first, let's have
some ice cream.
Tsubasa, I need you
to do something for me.
Hm?
If Genzo accepts
your challenge,
you have to tell him
that if you win,
we get the field back.
So we can train.
But why?
What do you mean why?
Didn't you see
what happened earlier?
He basically just
took over our field.
So what's the problem?
Every field has two goals.
You could all
play together
instead of fighting over
who gets to keep the field.
Huh?
[Genzo thinking]
I still don't get it.
Who is this Tsubasa?
How could he kick
the ball from up there?
If he is challenging me,
he must be from Nankatsu.
No.
There is no way.
No one in that school
has such a powerful kick.
[Genzo thinking] Plus...
I don't see how it's possible
for a kid to kick a ball
that hard.
Anyways...
If he is challenging me,
I need to find out
who he is.
Mr. Mikami.
Hey, what's wrong,
Mr. Mikami?
[Mr. Mikami] Well...
That bum from earlier
has been following us
this whole time.
[Genzo]
He's obviously just a drunk.
[groan]
Look there!
That's our field.
Come on.
[Mr. Mikami]
Listen to me.
There has to be a logical
explanation for this.
Genzo, there is no way
someone could
make that shot.
You're right.
-[Ryo] No way!
-Huh?
-Look, it's Genzo!
[Tsubasa] And look!
He's got my ball.
He received my challenge,
after all.
Oh...
So Genzo... What do you
have to say now?
This right here is the kid
that challenged you earlier.
There is no way.
But he is just a little kid.
Oh...
What are you trying
to pull, huh?
You really expect me
to believe
that a kid like that
has such a power kick?
[Ryo] You believe
whatever you want.
You're probably just
scared he'll beat you!
[Genzo] How dare you!
[Genzo] Let's settle this right
If you really want
to challenge me...
then let's go!
[Ryo] Watch out!
Get out of the way!
[Genzo thinking] How did he
deflect that shot?
Perfectly upwards.
[gasp]
[Ryo]
Wait.
[Ryo] Don't shoot.
There is a bus coming!
[grunt]
[Genzo] Whoa...
[Tsubasa] Nice catch, Genzo.
So what do you say?
Will you accept
my challenge?
[Genzo]
This is crazy.
This kid's got
some power!
Oh yeah.
By the way...
my name is Tsubasa.